centos-stream8: Add py3.6 and deprecate py3.8 (#34)
ansible-community/images: ansible-test/README.md

pip install ansible-core --user
git clone https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.general ansible_collections/community/general
cd ansible_collections/community/general
ansible-test integration --python 3.6 --docker localhost/test-image:centos-stream8 ini_file
```

## Available images

| image             | py27 | py36 | py38 | py39 | py3.10 | Notes                                    |
|-------------------|------|------|------|------|--------|------------------------------------------|
| [archlinux]       |      |      |      |      |   ✔️    |                                          |
| [centos-stream8]  |      |  ✔️   |✔️[^1] |      |        | Based on [centos8 ansible-test image]    |
| [debian-bullseye] |      |      |      |  ✔️   |        | Based on [ubuntu2004 ansible-test image] |

> [^1]: python3.8 support on centos-stream8 is DEPRECATED. Collections should
>   test against CentOS Stream 8's default system Python interpreter, python3.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: python3.8 support on centos-stream8 is DEPRECATED. And will be removed
  in a month or later without prior warning.
```
